Copyright 2018 Anomalie, Inc.

ANOMALIE LICENSE AND DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT

This Software License and Distribution Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered 
into by and between Anomalie, Inc, with offices at 451 Hayes St, San 
Francisco, CA 94103 ("Anomalie") and you ("Licensee"). By downloading or
using the Software (as defined below), you agree to the following terms:

1. Definitions.

1.1. "Application" means a Licensee installation or project that includes the 
Software, in object code or executable form only.

1.2. "Effective Date" means the date you first obtain a copy of the Software.

1.3. "Revenue Limit" means the gross revenue accrued by Licensee in connection 
with all Licensee Applications, taken together, for any 12-month period during 
the term of this Agreement, with no deductions.

1.4. "Software" means the included software libraries, including all 
Updates supplied by Anomalie under this Agreement.

1.5. "Update" means any correction, update, upgrade, patch or other 
modification or addition to the Software made available to Licensee by Anomalie.

2. License.

2.1. Grant. Subject to the limitations of this Section 2, Anomalie hereby 
grants to Licensee a nonexclusive, worldwide, non-transferable, 
non-sublicenseable license, during the term of this Agreement: (i) to modify 
the Software to create Applications that add substantial value to the Software; 
(ii) to distribute copies of the Software, in object code form only, only as 
part of Applications in accordance with this Section 2; (iii) to use the 
Software to run Applications, including to provide a service consisting of 
display of the Applications; and (iv) to reproduce copies of the Software, 
solely as necessary to exercise the rights granted in clauses (i) through (iv). 
Licensee may not sublicense any of these rights or licenses to any third party. 
Licensee shall not provide any third party with access to the source code for 
the Software without Anomalie' prior written permission.

The license granted in this Section 2.1 is subject to a Revenue Limit of 
$25,000 and is only valid for Applications that fall within such Revenue Limit. 
The license granted herein is royalty free, in consideration of the Revenue 
Limit being a condition of the license granted herein.

2.2. End User Licensing. If the Application is distributed, provided or sold 
pursuant to an agreement between Licensee and an end user, Licensee shall 
distribute each copy of the Software with an end user license agreement on the 
same licensing terms applicable to the remainder of the Application, but that 
is at least as favorable to Anomalie as this Agreement.

2.3. Proprietary Notices. On each Software copy, Licensee shall reproduce all 
copyright or other proprietary notices contained on the Software, as provided 
by Anomalie. Licensee shall not alter or remove or in any other way obscure 
or hide from display any Anomalie logo or proprietary notice from the
Application user interface or in the Software.

2.4. Third Party Open Source Software. Notwithstanding Section 2.1, Licensee 
acknowledges that certain components of the Software may be covered by 
so-called "open source" software licenses ("Open Source Components"), which 
means any software licenses approved as open source licenses by the Open Source 
Initiative or any substantially similar licenses. To the extent required by the 
licenses covering Open Source Components, the terms of such licenses will apply 
to such Open Source Components in lieu of the terms of this Agreement. To the 
extent the terms of the licenses applicable to Open Source Components prohibit 
any of the restrictions in this Agreement with respect to such Open Source 
Component, such restrictions will not apply to such Open Source Component. To 
the extent the terms of the licenses applicable to Open Source Components 
require Licensor to make an offer to provide source code or related information 
in connection with the Open Source Components, such offer is hereby made.

3. Ownership. As between the parties, Anomalie will retain all right, title, 
and interest in the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein.

4. Use of Anomalie Trademarks. Licensee shall state that the Application 
includes the Software and may use such applicable trademarks, trade names and
logos of Anomalie (including all trademarks) as required to do so
(collectively, the "Anomalie Trademarks"). Any and all good will arising from
Licensee's use of the Anomalie Trademarks will inure solely to the benefit of
Anomalie. Licensee shall not assert any claim to the Anomalie Trademarks
(or any confusingly similar mark) or such good will. Licensee shall not
register any Anomalie Trademark, or any mark confusingly similar to any Heron
Arts Trademark, in any jurisdiction.

5. Anomalie Portfolio. (i) Licensee hereby grants to Anomalie the right to
publicize Licensee's use of the Software and (ii) Anomalie may use Licensee's
logo on the Anomalie website in areas naming licensees of the software, and in
portfolios or marketing presentations listing licensees of the Software.

6. Term and Termination.

6.1. Term. This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue 
unless and until terminated as described herein.

6.2. Default. If Licensee defaults in the performance of any of its material 
obligations hereunder this Agreement and the licenses granted herein will 
automatically terminate.

6.3. Insolvency. This Agreement and the licenses granted herein will 
automatically terminate, (i) upon the institution by Licensee of insolvency, 
receivership or bankruptcy proceedings or any other proceedings for the 
settlement of its debts, (ii) upon the institution of such proceedings against 
Licensee, which are not dismissed or otherwise resolved in its favor within 60 
days thereafter, (iii) upon Licensee making a general assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, or (iv) upon Licensee's dissolution or ceasing to conduct 
business in the ordinary course.

6.4. Survival. The parties' rights and obligations of Sections 1, 3, 4, 5, 6.4, 
7, 8 and 9 will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. Upon 
expiration or termination of this Agreement, all of Licensee's rights and 
licenses with respect to the Software will terminate, except each Software end 
user license properly granted as part of an Application before the effective 
date of termination will survive in accordance with its terms.

7. Warranty Disclaimer.

7.1. DISCLAIMER. ANOMALIE MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR 
OTHERWISE, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THE 
SOFTWARE.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. ANOMALIE'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF THIS 
AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED $50. Anomalie WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS 
OR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED 
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. LICENSEE 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE ROYALTY-FREE NATURE OF THE LICENSE HEREIN IS BASED IN 
PART UPON THESE LIMITATIONS, AND THAT THESE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

9. General. This Agreement is the entire agreement between the parties on the 
subject matter hereof. No amendment or modification hereof will be valid or 
binding upon the parties unless made in writing and signed by the duly 
authorized representatives of both parties. The relationship of the parties 
hereunder is that of independent contractors, and this Agreement will not be 
construed to imply that either party is the agent, employee, or joint venturer 
of the other. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
unenforceable, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and will 
be interpreted to reflect the original intent of the parties. This Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its 
conflict of laws principles. The parties consent to the personal and exclusive 
jurisdiction of courts located in San Francisco, California. Licensee may not 
assign this Agreement (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior 
written consent of Anomalie, and any prohibited assignment will be null and 
void. Anomalie may assign this Agreement without consent in its sole 
discretion. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit 
of the parties permitted successors and assignees. Waiver by either party of a 
breach of any provision of this Agreement or the failure by either party to 
exercise any right hereunder will not operate or be construed as a waiver of 
any subsequent breach of that right or as a waiver of any other right.
